---
type: bare
---

# Willingham Sub Plans

## Monday, March 10th, 2026

Thanks for being here. All student instructions are posted to the Coursework section of CTLS. In all of my classes today, students should work quietly and alone on the assignment. They may quietly ask a neighbor for assistance as needed, but should otherwise complete the work alone. It is not group work.

Students must work alone. They may not share answers.

Students claiming to finish early should reread the instructions on CTLS. They may not play games or use their phones.

All of my classes today are located in the STEAM Lab (Music Tech room) except for 6th grade band, which is in the **band room** today.

## Assigned Seats and Attendance

Please take attendance on the provided rosters. A student can drop off the roster in the attendance office when you are finished.

Students have **assigned seats** reflected in the seating charts I have provided. They may not trade or move seats. If their computer does not work, they should use their student laptop.

## Restrooms & Passes

Please allow students to access the restroom one at a time. They must have a pass initialed by you in their agenda to leave the room. They must take their agenda with them to the restroom.

They must also write a pass to visit the nurse.

Students may not visit other classes or the media center.

## Tech Help

To close an application on a Mac computer, type **Command + Q**. That is the Command key and the Q key at the same time. ⌘Q

To logout of a Mac computer, type **Command + Shift + Q**.

To turn off a computer that is frozen, hold down the power button for at least 10 seconds. Then press the power button once normally to turn it back on.

## Emergency Plans

During any drill or emergency, students must be silent and follow all instructions given by you.

In the event of a fire drill, my sign is the large white sign labeled **STEAM**. The sign is attached magnetically to the exit door. Rosters are attached to the sign.

In the event of a severe weather drill, students should stay in the classroom and sit on the floor near the cabinets and back corner of the room. Signs are attached to the wall to indicate locations. Spread students out between the two locations.

Additional procedures for code red drills are attached to the wall near the phone.

<div class="page"></div>

# Schedule

Follow the regular schedule.

## Regular Schedule

| Period | Grade     | Course                  | Start | End   |
| ------ | --------- | ----------------------- | ----- | ----- |
| 1st    | 8th grade | **Computer Science**          | 9:15  | 10:08  |
| 2nd    | 8th grade | **Computer Science**          | 10:11  | 11:04 |
| 3rd    |  N/A | Planning | 11:04 | 12:29 |
| 4th    | 7th grade | **Music Tech**          | 12:32 | 1:25  |
| 5th    | 7th grade | **Music Tech** | 1:28  | 2:20  |
| 6th    | 6th grade | **Music Tech**    | 2:24  | 3:17  |
| 7th    | 6th grade | **Band**    | 3:20  | 4:15  |

## Thanks

Thanks again for being here. Please leave notes in the blank space provided here as needed. I will read them when I return.

<div class="page"></div>

## NOTES

<div style="min-height:500px;"></div>
